docs: better deployment docs (#911)
pypa/cibuildwheel: docs/deliver-to-pypi.md

After you've built your wheels, you'll probably want to deliver them to PyPI.

## Manual method

On your development machine, install [pipx](https://pypa.github.io/pipx/) and do the following:

```bash
# Either download the SDist from your CI, or make it:
# Clear out your 'dist' folder.
rm -rf dist
# Make a source distribution
pipx run build --sdist

# 🏃🏻
# Go and download your wheel files from wherever you put them. e.g. your CI
# provider can be configured to store them for you. Put them all into the
# 'dist' folder.

# Upload using 'twine' (you may need to 'pip install twine')
pipx run twine upload dist/*
```

## Automatic method

If you don't need much control over the release of a package, you can set up
cibuildwheel to deliver the wheels straight to PyPI. You just need to bump the
version and tag it.

### Generic instructions

> You'll want to build your SDist with [build](https://github.com/pypa/build) and your wheels with cibuildwheel. If you can make the files available as
> downloadable artifacts, this make testing before releases easier (depending on your CI provider's options). The "publish" job/step should collect the
> files, and then run `twine upload <paths>` (possibly via [pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx)); this should only happen on tags or "releases".

Reviewer: The 'build' tool name makes this sentence quite hard to read... perhaps this is better.

```suggestion
Make your SDist with the [build](https://github.com/pypa/build) tool, and your wheels with cibuildwheel. If you can make the files available as
downloadable artifacts, this make testing before releases easier (depending on your CI provider's options). The "publish" job/step should collect the
files, and then run `twine upload <paths>` (possibly via [pipx](https://github.com/pypa/pipx)); this should only happen on tags or "releases".
```

### GitHub Actions

GitHub actions has pipx in all the runners as a supported package manager, as

> well as several useful actions. You will probably want to build an SDist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
well as several useful actions. Alongside your existing job(s) that runs cibuildwheel to make wheels, you will probably want to build an SDist:
```

```yaml
  make_sdist:
    name: Make SDist
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      with:
        fetch-depth: 0  # Optional, use if you use setuptools_scm
        submodules: true  # Optional, use if you have submodules

    - name: Build SDist
      run: pipx run build --sdist

    - uses: actions/upload-artifact@v2
      with:
        path: dist/*.tar.gz
```

> You'll want to download the artifacts in a final job that only runs on release
> or tag (depending on your preference):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you need to publish the artifacts that the previous jobs have built. This final job should run only on release or tag, depending on your preference. It gathers the artifacts from the sdist and wheel jobs and uploads them to PyPI.

This requires a [PyPI upload token](https://pypi.org/manage/account/token/), stored in your [GitHub repo's secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository) as `pypi_password`. 
```
